[oneTBB] Add spec changes for std::invoke feature (#497)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/flow_graph/cpp17_join_node_func_obj.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2019-2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

===========================
Cpp17JoinNodeFunctionObject
===========================
**[req.cpp17_join_node_function_object]**

> A type `FunctionObject` satisfies `Cpp17JoinNodeFunctionObject` if it meets the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
The ``FunctionObject`` type satisfies `Cpp17JoinNodeFunctionObject` if it meets the following requirements:
```

> * The `CopyConstructible` requirements from [copyconstructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `CopyConstructible` requirements from the [copyconstructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Destructible` requirements from [destructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Destructible` requirements from the [destructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Callable` requirements from [func.wrap.func] ISO C++ Standard section for arguments types ``const Input&`` and return the type ``Key``

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Callable` requirements from the [func.wrap.func] section of the ISO C++ Standard for the ``const Input&`` arguments types and returns the ``Key`` type.
```

  where ``Key`` is the same as the corresponding template argument of ``join_node`` and the ``Input`` is the corresponding
  element of the ``OutputTuple`` template argument of the ``join_node``.

Considering ``f`` to be an object of type ``FunctionObject`` and ``input`` to be an object of type ``const Input&``,

> applying ``std::invoke(f, input)`` returns the key to be used for hashing ``input``.

Author: ```suggestion
applying ``std::invoke(f, input)`` returns the key to be used for hashing the ``input``.
```

> **_NOTE:_**  It allows to pass pointer-to-function or pointer-to-member of the class ``Input`` as a body of ``join_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_** You can pass a pointer-to-function or a pointer-to-member of the ``Input`` class as a body of ``join_node``.
```
